feat: Move to multi-tenant SSO AB#27356 (#5381)
global-121/121-platform: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/global-121/121-platform/compare/v24.7-0...main)

### Added

> - For Azure SSO Multi-tenancy, add these new Poral ENV-variables to the [GitHub (client-)environment](https://github.com/global-121/121-platform/settings/environments):  
>   See [`.env.example`](./interfaces/Portal/.env.example)
>   - `AZURE_ENTRA_DOMAINS`
>   - `AZURE_ENTRA_URL`

Author: ```suggestion
- For Azure SSO Multi-tenancy, add the new Poral ENV-variable `AZURE_ENTRA_URL` to the [GitHub (client-)environment](https://github.com/global-121/121-platform/settings/environments):  
  See [`.env.example`](./interfaces/Portal/.env.example)
```
